README.md, before:

# MediapipeLandmarkHelpers

**Small Python helper utilities for working with MediaPipe landmarks.**

This repository contains simple, reusable helper functions that make it easier to work with hand, face, and pose landmarks produced by Google’s MediaPipe. The goal is to reduce repetitive code and make landmark-based projects cleaner and easier to understand.

---

## 🚀 Features

- 📍 Helper functions for MediaPipe landmark data
- ✋ Utilities for **hand landmarks**
- 🙂 Utilities for **face landmarks**
- 🧍 ~~Utilities for **pose landmarks**~~ (Coming soon)
- 🧠 Cleaner access to landmark coordinates and indices
- 🧪 Useful for prototyping gesture control, tracking, and visualization projects

---

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/oliverpoole09/MediapipeLandmarkHelpers.git
cd MediapipeLandmarkHelpers
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Install program itself:

Install Mac app under releases
> [!NOTE]
> Mac is only supported for the moment, reach out if you want a Windows version.

## 📜 License

This project is open-source. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Revise README for pose landmarks and installation info
Updated README to clarify the status of pose landmarks and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# MediapipeLandmarkHelpers

**Small Python helper utilities for working with MediaPipe landmarks.**

This repository contains simple, reusable helper functions that make it easier to work with hand, face, and pose landmarks produced by Google’s MediaPipe. The goal is to reduce repetitive code and make landmark-based projects cleaner and easier to understand.

---

## 🚀 Features

- 📍 Helper functions for MediaPipe landmark data
- ✋ Utilities for **hand landmarks**
- 🙂 Utilities for **face landmarks**
- 🧍 ~~Utilities for **pose landmarks**~~ *(Coming soon)*
- 🧠 Cleaner access to landmark coordinates and indices
- 🧪 Useful for prototyping gesture control, tracking, and visualization projects

---

## 📦 Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/oliverpoole09/MediapipeLandmarkHelpers.git
cd MediapipeLandmarkHelpers
```

Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## 🖥️ App Installation

Download the prebuilt app from **Releases**:
* 📦 **macOS app available**

> [!NOTE]
> macOS is the only supported platform at the moment.
> Reach out if you want a Windows version.

## 📜 License

This project is open-source. See the LICENSE file for details.
